second draft commit to ebasseri fork (#15101)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/riskyserviceprincipalhistoryitem.md

---
title: "riskyServicePrincipalHistoryItem resource type"
description: "Represents the risk history of Azure AD service principals"
author: "ebasseri"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# riskyServicePrincipalHistoryItem resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]
Represents the risk history of an Azure AD service principal as determined by Azure AD Identity Protection. Inherits from [riskyServicePrincipal](riskyserviceprincipal.md).

## Methods

| Method   | Return Type|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[List history](../api/riskyserviceprincipal-list-history.md) | [riskyServicePrincipalHistoryItem](riskyserviceprincipalhistoryitem.md) collection|Get the risk history of an Azure AD service principal.|

## Properties

| Property       | Type    | Description |
|:---------------|:--------|:------------|

> | servicePrincipalId         | string  | The id of the service principal. |
> | initiatedBy    | bool    | The id of actor that does the operation. |
> | activity       | [riskyServicePrincipalHistoryItem](riskyserviceprincipalactivity.md)| The activity related to service principal risk level change. | 

Reviewer: Is the complex type riskServicePrincipalActivity or risk**y**ServicePrincipalActivity? The schema says riskServicePrincipalActivity - unless this is a typo in the schema?
```suggestion
| servicePrincipalId         | String  | The identifier of the service principal. |
| initiatedBy    | String    | The identifier of the actor that does the operation. |
| activity       | [riskServicePrincipalActivity](riskyserviceprincipalactivity.md)| The activity related to the service principal risk. | 
```
